# Starless
Based in a post-apocalyptic society after the collapse of nations from over-consumerism and abuse of new technologies, the world is mostly a barren wasteland. In the ashes of the old empire, aspects of the powerful pre-war technology remained as relics, not understood, but worshipped by reverent followers of the Broken God, a theocracy ran by a caste of Magi Tech-Priests who believe that a part of God is in each machine, and by gathering specific relics together, they can bring God into his true form. To become closer to God, the members of the theocracy imbed themselves with various machine parts, and mattering on their power in society, can range from being merely augmented to being near fully machine.

Though the Broken God is the largest organization left, in the outskirts of the world there exists many small settlements who have stuck together to survive the harsh conditions in the land. Some exhibit similar religious fanaticism like the Broken God, some are aggressive raider hideouts, and others are insane reenactments and misunderstanding of old-world culture, from people trying to get back to what they know.

However, the strangest of these settlements are those who have become "at peace" with their spirits, and have portrayed unusual powers/prowess as a result of not having any technological enhancements, despite the environmental dangers this brings. The player will play as one of these individuals who was ousted from the organization, and is now trying to survive outside the village for the first time.  However, he gets caught up in more than he should of....

The game is planned to be a traditional NES/SNES-era RPG, with the overworld being in a overhead 2D environment, and combat combat people similar to Earthbound (https://youtu.be/acGbSCk0VZ0?t=13). The most common enemies would be mechanical creatures/people, mutants and occasionally raiders or insane "parodies" of cultural phenonmenon. There might be other party members, but we'd have to come up with other characters, which might be hard to implement.
